API - make ``BaseDatafit`` and ``BasePenalty`` regular classes (#205)
scikit-learn-contrib/skglm: doc/changes/0.4.rst

- Add support for weights and positive coefficients to :ref:`MCPRegression Estimator <skglm.MCPRegression>` (PR: :gh:`184`)
- Move solver specific computations from ``Datafit.initialize()`` to separate ``Datafit`` methods to ease ``Solver`` - ``Datafit`` compatibility check (PR: :gh:`192`)
- Add :ref:`LogSumPenalty <skglm.penalties.LogSumPenalty>` (PR: :gh:`#127`)

> - Simplify ``BaseDatafit`` and ``BasePenalty`` by making them regular classes and removing unused methods (PR :gh:`#205`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove abstract methods in ``BaseDatafit`` and ``BasePenalty`` to make solver/penalty/datafit compatibility check easier (PR :gh:`#205`)
```
